Get involved
Don't be afraid to make mistakes. Allowing yourself to make mistakes can help you learn and grow as a person. Don’t be afraid to take risks and get involved. Don't be scared to ask questions, the worse it can do is help you. 
Having a balance between life and school is very important, as putting too much time into either one can have negative effects on both parts of your life. It is good to identify the important parts of each part of your life and 
Forge good relationships with teachers- When starting school, it’s important to identify the teachers who are actually trying to help you succeed. Forging good relationships with them can help you have a better time in class and enjoy it more. These teachers can also help you if you are struggling in that class. 
Stay on top of your work- Try to keep your grades up consistently through your sophomore, junior AND senior year, this will prepare you for college with your good study habits, make you eligible for more scholarships, give you a better work ethic and more.
Try your best - Do your best and try not to get lazy because the hard work you do will pay off.
Don't focus on the things you can't control. Doing so may put you down and wont change the way things are. It’s good to remember that there are things in life you don’t have control over, and that’s okay. Instead focus on what you can change.
Your grades do not determine your worth. The only thing they say about you is how much effort you put into achieving them. So strive for your best and don’t waste your time!
Remember it gets harder- I wish I knew how much high school got harder from freshman to sophomore/junior year. The course load is higher and my grades weren’t the best because I wasn’t really ready for it. My advice would be to study for tests multiple days ahead of time and to always do the homework (instead of copying it off somewhere) as the tests are often exact copies of the homework problems.
if you don't take the opportunities when they present themselves you will never achieve anything.
Don't sit around and wait for good things to happen to you. Work hard and good things will happen.
Know your limits and don't burn out trying to go past that limit. It's ok to take a break. I recommend looking into the Pomodoro Technique if you struggle with procrastination. Also, stop comparing yourself to others. You are your own person with your own personality, strengths, and flaws.
Here's a combination of two different batman quotes I really like that stand true to life; Our emotional scars can destroy us, even after the physical ones heal. But if we survive them, they will make us stronger. They aren't something to be fixed, let them improve you, not define you.
I combined a quote from Ben Affleck in "The Flash" and Robert Pattinson in "The Batman" both pretty awesome.
I think this quote really hits hard because often times, life goes wrong in both big and small ways and I used to let that absolutely destroy me, but I've realized it's better to take those hiccups and use them to improve myself and quality of life.
Your grades do not determine your worth. The only thing they say about you is how much effort you put into achieving them. So strive for your best and don’t waste your time!